docs: add script authoring guidelines to copilot-instructions (#2950)
microsoft/GitHub-Copilot-for-Azure: .github/copilot-instructions.md

- Descriptions over 200 chars in frontmatter must use folded YAML (`>-`)
- Markdown links must not escape the skill directory (validated by `npm run references`)

## Authoring Scripts in Skills

> Some skills ship helper scripts (under a skill's `scripts/` or `references/**/scripts/` directory) that replace fragile inline one-liners in the markdown. These guidelines are distilled from repeated PR review feedback — follow them so new or updated scripts don't repeat past mistakes.

Author: ```suggestion
Some skills ship helper scripts (under a skill's `scripts/` or `references/**/scripts/` directory). These guidelines help avoid common problems in the scripts.
```

Author: Applied in 21105b60 — adopted the suggested intro wording.

> ### Cross-Platform Parity

Author: Rename this "General Guidelines"

Author: Done in 21105b60 — renamed the subsection to `General Guidelines`.

- **Never use `eval`** to run a command string (injection risk + brittle quoting). Pass the command as arguments and invoke via `"$@"`, or pass a function name.
- **With `set -e`, capture command output via command substitution** (`OUT=$(cmd ...)`), not process substitution (`done < <(cmd ...)`), so a failing command reliably aborts instead of producing a misleading downstream error.
- **Use fixed-string grep (`grep -F`/`-Fq`) for literal matches** and handle grep's read-error exit code (`2`) explicitly — don't let it be treated as "no match".
- **Guard argument parsing.** For value-consuming options, verify a value is present before `shift 2` — otherwise, under `set -euo pipefail`, a missing value causes an unbound-variable/`shift count` error or an infinite loop. Reject unknown/mistyped `--options` with usage instead of silently treating them as positional args. Validate expected types (e.g. `--tail` must be a positive integer) and exit `2` with a clear message on bad input.
- **`usage()`/`--help` should exit `0`** (asking for help is not an error); reserve non-zero exits for actual argument errors.

> - **`set -o pipefail` is not inherited by subshells** (e.g. a pipeline run inside `bash -c "..."`). Re-declare it inside the subshell so a failing command in the pipeline is still surfaced.

Author: Fixed in 21105b60 — reworded to say `pipefail` is not inherited by a new Bash process (e.g. `bash -c ...`), rather than calling it a subshell.

- **Don't hold large command output in a variable on success** (e.g. `terraform plan`). Redirect to a temp file and only read it back on failure.

> - **Exclude the shebang from `--help` output.** A `usage()` that prints lines starting with `#` will echo `!/usr/bin/env bash`; filter it (e.g. `grep -v '^#!'`) or stop at the first non-comment line.

Author: Fixed in 21105b60 — the example now shows `#!/usr/bin/env bash` with the leading `#`.

- **Don't swallow failures of critical steps with `|| true`** (e.g. `az account set`). Record an explicit PASS/FAIL so a failed step fails the overall run.

### Deterministic CLI Parsing

- **Don't parse CLI JSON with `grep`/`sed`.** Use the tool's own query support (e.g. `az account show --query name -o tsv`) and key decisions off the command's exit code.
- **Keep CLI install hints in the repo's standard call form**, e.g. `mcp_azure_mcp_extension_cli_install(cli-type: "az")`, so they match the rest of the skill and stay copy/pasteable.

### Referencing Scripts from Markdown

- **Use Markdown links** to the script files, not bare text or bare command names.
- **Don't present a script as if it were on `PATH`** (e.g. `run-ig ...`). Reference the explicit path (`scripts/run-ig.sh` / `scripts/run-ig.ps1`).
- **State the working directory** any relative path assumes. Prefer skill-root-relative paths (`./scripts/...`) and note that commands run from the skill root.
- **Note that PowerShell parameter names differ** (PascalCase, e.g. `-Gadget`, `-Namespace`) so readers don't copy bash `--flag` syntax into `.ps1` calls.

> - Markdown links still must not escape the skill directory (enforced by `npm run references`).

Author: ```suggestion
- Markdown links still must not escape the skill directory.
```

Author: Applied in 21105b60 — dropped the `(enforced by npm run references)` parenthetical.

> ### Evals for Scripted Behavior

Author: Remove this whole section.

Author: Done in 21105b60 — removed the entire `Evals for Scripted Behavior` section.
